# Simulalting an M/M/1 Queue

We can use the theory of continuous time Markov chains to model people entering and leaving a queue system.  In the simplest model of a queue the arrival times of customers are generated using a Poisson process.  The time that each customer takes to be served is then an exponential random variable.   In this exercise, you are going to learn how to write a short program to simulate such a queue.  I would like you to write a function called `my_queue` that takes three input arguments:

* `N` - the number of people who pass through your queuing system.
* `lam` - the rate parameter for the Poissson process that describes the arrival times of customers
* `expr` - the parameter for the exponential random variable that describes how long it takes each customer to be served.

Your function should return an `np.array` with `N` elements that give the amount of time that each customer spent in the queue.

You should assume that the first customer enters the (empty) queuing system at time t=0.  You can thus generate the amount of time they spent in the queue by generating an exponential random variable, T, with parameter `expr`.  The arrival time for the next customer, A, is generated by generating the time for the first event for the Poisson process with parameter `lam`.  The time at which this new customer enters service, S, is then determined as follows:

* if `A<T` then the customer enters service at time `T` as they have to wait for the first customer to finish being served before they can enter service.
* if `T<A` then the customer enters service at time `A` as the server is unnoccupied when they enter the queue.

You then calculate the second customers leave service time by adding an exponential random variable to S.  You can then continue on with this process for all the customers in the queue system.  Notice last of all that the total amount of time that customers spend queuing and being served - the quantity that is in the list that your function returns - is calculated by subtracting the customers arrival time from their leave service time.  

Notice that you need to generate a lot of exponential random variables.  You should thus complete the function called `exponential_random_variable` and call this function within `my_queue`.  I have also written code that uses the function you will write to draw a graph showing the samples of the random variable that your function for generating the times the customers spend queuing.  This graph is just like the graphs of random variables that you have drawn in previous exercises.  We could thus have also used the random variables from `my_queue` to calculate a mean or to draw a histogram. 
